docs: READMEとドキュメント類を追加 (#62)
tomacheese/ElitesRNGAuraObserver: docs/en/installation/get-discord-webhook-url.md

# How to Get a Discord Webhook URL

This page explains how to obtain a Discord Webhook URL.

## 1. Open the Channel Settings

Go to the channel where you want to receive notifications and click `Edit Channel`.

![Discord channel settings: Edit Channel button](/docs/assets/discord-webhook/click-edit-channel-btn.png)

## 2. Create a Webhook

Click `Integrations` and then click `Create Webhook`.

![Discord Integrations: Create Webhook button](/docs/assets/discord-webhook/create-webhook-btn.png)

## 3. Configure the Webhook and Get the URL

> A new webhook called `Captain Hook` will be created. Click it and configure as follows:

Reviewer: 日本語での指摘内容に合わせて
(後半の文章を少し変えてますが、元の文章だと"it"が何を指すのか曖昧なようで、何をクリックするのかを明記するようにしています。)

```suggestion
A new webhook will be created. Click the newly created webhook and configure it as follows:
```
